Whether you’re an experienced professional or just getting started, your contributions matter at Fortra. If you’re passionate about tackling meaningful challenges alongside talented team members committed to helping each other succeed, all while having lots of fun, we want to hear from you. We offer competitive benefits and salaries, personal and professional development opportunities, flexibility, and much more! 

At Fortra, we’re breaking the attack chain. Ready to join us? 

This position is responsible for enhancing and maintaining existing software products as well as developing new products.  The ideal candidate has a strong desire for excellence, regularly takes initiative, works with minimal supervision, confidence in their expertise, collaborative team player and is a creative problem solver. 

WHAT YOU'LL DO

Design, develop, document, test, and debug new and existing software systems and/or applications for market sale or large-scale proprietary software for internal use. 
Design and implement major new features and functionality
Identify and evaluate new technologies for implementation. 
Consult with end user to prototype, refine, test, and debug programs to meet needs.  
Work within R&D to improve processes and best practices
Innovate process solutions 
Align best practices
Monitor for and sometimes enforcement of standards
Serve as technical expert on development projects. 
Participate in full development life cycle including requirements analysis and design. 
Write technical specifications based on conceptual design and stated business requirements. 
Diagnose and fix complex product defects within a project or supporting customers.
Work with limited supervision on complex projects. 
Latitude for independent judgment. 
Assist and mentor less experienced team members. 
Actively participate in Agile ceremonies.
Other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS

Typically requires 6 or more years of job experience and education, preferably a degree in Programming, Computer Science or related IT field.
Very good knowledge of the field. 
Proficiency in either Java or Python programming languages
Proficiency in database fundamentals - SQL, DB design Knowledge of AWS Knowledge of containers - Docker/Podman, Kubernetes, Helm
Experience with *nix operating systems - Linux and/or MacOS
Working knowledge of the Agile Project development methodology and be able to implement those methodologies in active projects.
Good working knowledge of the relevant programming language requirements for this role and the ability to share that knowledge with team members.
Assist as a project leader from time to time or as a subject matter expert.
High level of communication skills both verbal and written. 
Mentoring skills. 
Available to be on-call once a month
3346

At Fortra, our compensation philosophy prioritizes fair market value and internal equity, aligning with your experience and specialized skill set.  

As a full-time, exempt employee at Fortra, you’ll enjoy a comprehensive benefits package that includes:  

Health, dental, and vision coverage as of hire 
Immediate enrollment in 401(k), HSA, and FSA plans 
Flexible PTO policy  
Tuition and personal enrichment reimbursement 
Option to enroll in ID Theft Protection Program   
Check out some of the of the other benefits we offer that are focused on your holistic well-being and our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion program. 
 

Compensation

$100,000 - $150,000 USD